Assignment 4 (#4)
LaunchCodeEducation/java-web-dev-curriculum: content/assignments/techjobs-persistent/submission/index.md

---
title: "Submission and Bonus Missions"
date: 2023-01-03T10:42:56-06:00
draft: false
weight: 6
originalAuthor: Sally Steuterman # to be set by page creator
originalAuthorGitHub: gildedgardenia # to be set by page creator
reviewer: Kimberly Horan # to be set by the page reviewer
reviewerGitHub: codinglikeagirl42 # to be set by the page reviewer
lastEditor: # update any time edits are made after review
lastEditorGitHub: # update any time edits are made after review
lastMod: # UPDATE ANY TIME CHANGES ARE MADE
---

## Sanity Check

At this point, all autograding tests should be passing. To be sure, right-click on the `org.launchcode.techjobs.persistent` package in `src/test/java` and select *Run tests in...* If any test fails, evaluate the failure/error message and go back to fix your code.

If a test in `TestCommentedTests` fails, this means that you failed to uncomment one or more tests in either `TestTaskTwo` or `TestTaskFour`. You will need to go back and uncomment the test(s) and make sure they pass.

## How to Submit

> To turn in your assignment and get credit, follow the [Submission Instructions](https://education.launchcode.org/java-web-dev-curriculun/assignments/hello-world/index.html#submitting-your-work-on-canvas)

Reviewer: Add todo to update after merging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- TODO: Link below will need to be updated once merged -->

To turn in your assignment and get credit, follow the [Submission Instructions]()
```

> To turn in your assignment and get credit, follow the [Submission Instructions](https://education.launchcode.org/java-web-dev-curriculun/assignments/hello-world/index.html#submitting-your-work-on-canvas)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To turn in your assignment and get credit, follow the [Submission Instructions]()
```
